Never before had anyone felt
such ecstasy at a public urinal
as Nandan did that fateful night.
For the last time...
whose bag is this?
A few days ago.
Hey, you!
Hat fellow!
Come here.
Yes... you.
What's so funny?
Sir...
Er... you are Don Jameel, aren't you?
Yeah, why?
See? I told you.
This is Don Jameel.
Hold on a second.
Did you also own two Mercedes' before this?
And sported a royal moustache?
Yeah... so?
This is you, isn't it?
Yeah... from ten years ago!
Where did you find this?
That's when the can of worms opened.
Had Jameel not died,
there'd be no story to tell.
Thus the circle of life
keeps the jungle alive.
After a lazy day, this crocodile
is ravenously hungry.
Bala, the shooters
are unknown hired guns.
But it was Omar's boys
that put the contract on Don Jameel.
Bala, let's kill Omar
in his own back yard.
Just like every criminal
has an animal inside,
every animal has a criminal inside, too.
At least, according to Don Bala.
-Rajan.
-Yes, boss.
The time has come for you to become
a Crocodilus Noctilus.
What?
Observe.
Crocodilus aka Crocodile.
King of the African rivers.
That's you.
-Me?
-Yes.
And that...
Aepyceros Melampus... meaning deer.
That's Omar.
Look, how he's sneaking
into our territory.
The scoundrel has Legislator Patil
for a Godfather.
But, we'll nail him.
The innocent deer just wants
to quench his thirst
and is oblivious
of the lurking danger.
Even the deer can't escape
the cycle of life and death.
That's how Omar's story will end.
Damn right, boss.
Perfect time to inaugurate my new gun.
-Graduate... got yourself a new gun?
-Yes, boss.
Got yourself a Nat Geo subscription?
Nat Geo?
Evidently not.
Learn from nature.
It's a jungle out there.
And in the jungle we all gotta stay alert!
Bala Rathod! Heard of him?
Think he'll take it lying down?
Jameel wasn't to be killed now.
Hadn't I made it clear?
Have you lost your marbles?
Omar, I'm sorry.
"Omar, I'm sorry."
Don Omar and Abdul have
a give and take relationship.
Abdul takes a wrong decision
and Omar gives it back.
Abdul, you moron, if you weren't
my brother-in-law, I'd kill you.
Moron!
What are you doing?
Counting the number of times
I called you a moron?
Sister's told me to count up to 10
when I get angry.
Oh, you are angry?
Moron, what am I gonna tell Patil?
Elections are around the corner.
Patil sahab, please...
But isn't Housing your portfolio?
Word is you've subsidised land deals
for your Minister friends in Delhi.
Please explain.
I got two words for you.
Next question.
Meet the super boss, Legislator Patil.
The Big Daddy of this world.
Minister Tripathi.
But Daddy has a Daddy too!
Yes, Tripathi-ji.
Order, sir.
Some legislators are coming home
to explore a new friendship.
Yes.
I need 10 boxes of sweets delivered...
Of course. They'll be there, sir.
Perfect... and the parcel?
Sir, Subhash will personally
deliver it in a few days.
Fine.
Sir, the party workers are on steroids...
-Sure, I'll talk to you later.
-And... Victory to India, sir.
I think the network's bad.
And far, far away
from this network coverage of crime
is our common man, Nandan,
clueless about that world.
Aayush, do your homework on time.
Don't you want to be smart
like your papa?
Papa, 14 times 3 is?
14 times 3...
Actually, Nandan Kumar
is generally clueless.
42, write that down.
I was just going to say that.
We're out of sugar.
And we need an extra gas cylinder.
And next Saturday, you are taking me
to the water park too.
We'll go, boss!
Finish your homework first.
Wear your shirt,
drink your milk, quick!
Water park? My foot.
Just like the 'Snow peak vacation
in Shimla'?
At least, don't make
false promises to your child.
False promise?
I see, have we ever gone to Shimla?
I wanted to visit a snow peak,
not skin snow peas.
Shimla, my foot!
I even knitted a sweater,
it's gathering dust.
I told you to start a side business
for some extra income.
But, no!
You won't do it,
nor will you allow me to do it!
What business?
Didn't Jaya offer a partnership
in her pickle business?
It'll cost only 80,000.
She's going to get you
in a pickle worth 80,000!
Pickles and pappadums.
Seriously. There's high demand for it.
I'll quit my job.
Lata, where's 80,000
going to come from?
Now we are talking.
If you don't give sister Binu money
for six months... that's where.
What a miserable life!
Must we drag sister Binu
into everything? She's...
-I have to plan everything myself...
-Ramlal-ji!
Pack lunch... drop Aayush off.
It's Ramlal-ji.
Please come in.
I came to drop off my house keys.
Oh, the keys.
Please come in.
Have a cup of tea?
We're out of sugar.
Papa, I know things have been
a bit tight of late.
But, that doesn't mean you cancel
my water park trip.
Get lost! Get ready for school.
Patil sahab is here.
Up.
-Salaam, Patil sahab.
-Omar.
Carry on. I'll finish this meeting.
Patil sahab, an honest mistake...
we messed it up with Jameel.
-I had told the boys...
-Omar... Omar.
Omar, did I ask?
Jameel was destined to die.
Good thing, he died!
Subhash, protein shake.
Wonderful.
Tell me, when did you last go to jail?
Patil sahab?
What happened?
You thought, I was going to
send you to jail?
For killing Jameel?
This is my biggest problem.
People always misunderstand me.
I should just keep quiet.
No... I'm not going to talk. I...
Please forgive me.
I'll take an oath of silence.
-Sorry, Patil sahab.
-I'll not utter a word.
Sir, I didn't misunderstand you.
You?
Why would I send you to jail?
Look, if I scratch your back
in Jameel's matter, won't you scratch mine?
Won't you?
We must help each other.
Take Tripathi-ji for instance.
The Resource Minister.
He wants my help, too.
He wants something delivered.
He told me,
"Patil, deliver it personally."
You tell me, should I?
Should I?
See that, Subhash?
He'd rather deliver it himself,
than put me through the trouble.
Who, me?
What do I have to do?
It's simple.
Subhash will give you
a suitcase day after tomorrow.
It's got a 100 million.
All you gotta do is take it safely
to Tripathi-ji's personal assistant.
Can you do that?
Of course.
Started?
Yes!
Well done, Nandan, well done!
You're a strong contender for
'The Kirodimal Employee of the Year' award.
Thank you.
Keep up the good work,
day and night.
That reminds me, I need you to work
the night-shift the next two days.
Be on time.
Good boy.
Vasant Seth... what a man!
First, he praises you to the skies
then crash lands you into slavery.
Goodnight, in advance.
He wants me to do a double shift
on Monday and Tuesday.
Damn, night shifts.
All that ever changes is our shifts,
not our destiny.
It's not that we can't make big bucks,
like these politicians.
Seriously.
We've got the talent.
And needless to say, the nerve, too.
But, what holds us back?
Our values.
These values come in the way.
Who'll break the news to the wife?
Vasant Seth?
Noodles.
Fried Rice.
And two Manchow soups
split three ways.
Enjoy!
Where's the dessert?
You want it mixed with the noodles?
Finish this first.
I'm just letting you know.
Fine! Eat your noodles.
When do you start night duty?
Night duty?
What are you saying?
It's either night duty,
or your sister needs money.
To what do we owe this Chinese feast?
Which is it?
Night duty.
At least, this way we got to eat out.
It was good.
It'll all be good from now on.
I'll have my own printing press.
You'll have a pickle business.
We'll holiday in Manali, Shimla...
Just say where you want to go?
For now, let's just go home.
By the way, when is the night duty?
Actually, tomorrow and day after.
But, if you like... I can start tonight.
-Hey!
-What?
-Listen...
-Aayush will wake up.
Let him.
All it takes is Chinese food
to put you in the mood.
You're looking as hot as Schezwan rice.
Have you been smoking?
No.
Go away, liar!
Not so fast!
My chicken hakka noodles.
It's Holy vegetarian day!
Fine... vegetarian noodles!
Liar!
What else?
One bowl of Manchow soup, to share.
To share?
Must we share in your fantasy, too?
Sharing is caring, baby.
Fine.
Rajan, your time to be a crocodile
has arrived.
We've got a tip.
Omar's going to drop off
Patil's 100 million to Tripathi.
You'll ambush him mid-way.
The loot is ours,
and who gets framed?
Omar.
But, Omar has gone underground.
Underground?
The rascal is trying to be
a Lumbricus Terrestris.
You still haven't subscribed
to Nat Geo?
Graduate had informed the cable guy.
-Boss, I told him...
-Shut up and listen.
Lumbricus Terrestris... aka...
Aka?
Aka...
-Ah! Aka...
-Aka...
Aka... earthworm.
Earthworm.
This species is found underground.
But, when it rains,
they inevitably surface.
Omar too, shall surface
when 100 million rains down.
Be ready.
We are!
Very ready!
Ready.
Aayush, did you find this eraser
or did you steal it?
Aayush, I'll ask you again.
Did you find it or steal it?
It was on Deeksha's bench.
Did you ask her for it?
-No.
-That's called stealing.
-What's all this ruckus?
-Ask God's forgiveness.
-Sorry...
-Never again!
He's just a child. Let him be.
That's why I'm teaching him now.
Apologise!
-Sorry. Never again.
-Say it again.
Mukesh, money's a bit tight.
How about, I give it next week?
Great.
Thank you.
Next week for sure.
Didn't you get your salary?
Then why didn't you pay
Mukesh the rent?
-I...
-Where did the money go?
I see... gave it to your sister.
-Listen to me.
-What's left to listen?
We barely make ends meet
and you dole out charity like this?
That's why you took us out for Chinese!
Your son is learning to lie from you.
That's nonsense!
It's either your way or the highway!
-Who listens to me in this house?
-What rubbish!
Always your word against mine.
Your word is the final word.
And my word?
In this war of words,
what is the weight of my words?
Quarter kilo.
Lentils
and kidney beans
chilly, sugar, coriander
and a pack of safety pins.
Madam, my salary?
Salary? We have no money
for your salary, Balu.
But, I'm sure we can treat you
to Chinese food instead.
Ramlal-ji!
Please come.
-Dropping off my house keys.
-Yes, keys.
I'm going to my home-town for 15 days.
Will spend time with family.
And I don't want tea.
Perfect! All our tea cups are broken.
What's with you? One day there's no sugar,
another day it's shattered cups.
My destiny is shattered!
We were seriously out of sugar.
Did you get it yesterday?
The promises you made before marriage!
"One day, I'll lay the moon
and the stars at your feet!"
I've been asking for an extra gas cylinder.
Did you get it?
No... you're right.
Before marriage I should've told you,
"My love, one day I shall lay
an extra gas cylinder at your feet."
Ready?
Ready... switch it on.
Yes, ready?
-Omar, ready?
-Ready!
Ready?
Ready.
For the last time... whose bag is it?
Sir, where to?
Domestic or international?
I don't need a ride... go on.
Wait!
Sir, hope there's no body inside?
Of course, there's no money inside.
Let's go.
So, where to?
Azad Nagar... close to it.
-Azad Nagar?
-Close to it.
And you wanted to drag this heavy suitcase
all the way to Azad Nagar?
Of course not.
That's why I hired a rickshaw.
Are you from Azad Nagar?
Close to it. No...
Will you just drive?
Hello, brother.
Yes, I've finally reached Mumbai.
Yes... I'll explain.
My taxi had broken down.
So I hired a rickshaw.
Now, I'm heading towards Azad Nagar...
Close to it.
As we all know,
my friend stays there. Not me.
Obviously, I've stuffed the suitcase
with clothes.
Clothes, clothes and more clothes.
Yeah.
And... I'm going to stay there
just for tonight.
Just for tonight.
And tomorrow,
I head to sister Binu's place.
Because, as you know
I don't live here.
And after tonight, I don't intend
to go back there. Ever.
Never ever!
Bye, brother.
Stop, stop... you've overshot.
I had to get off earlier.
You've got me way ahead.
This is way ahead.
Keep this.
Should I come back in the morning?
To drop you to sister Binu's house?
Today's menu... saucy, home-made Chinese.
Manchurian-Lung-Fung Rice.
Eat all you want.
Where's Aayush?
Sent off to sister Binu's house.
Are you still upset?
Okay, I apologise for the morning fight.
No, no... I'm not upset.
It's just... I've got acidity.
Won't be able to eat...
Chinese tonight.
Not tonight... sweetheart!
For the acidity.
Oh.
What were you doing outside?
I...
Smoking again?
Yes, smoking.
I can't smell anything.
That's ridiculous!
When I don't smoke,
you say I do.
And when I do,
you don't believe me!
How's that fair?
You're looking sexy.
Very sexy... Manchow...
Liar!
What else?
Today isn't a holy day, is it?
So, chicken noodles and super spicy.
How did this happen?
Tell me from the beginning.
From the very beginning.
Patil sahab, as planned,
we left with the suitcase.
At Pipe Road Junction a car rammed into us
and our way got
Blocked... in a way that Omar was trapped.
Keep talking.
At first I thought
it was an accident.
But when I saw two gun-toting men,
I figured it was an ambush.
They demanded the suitcase.
-Give me the suitcase.
-What suitcase?
We had no choice.
Get the bag out!
That's when I signalled Vignesh.
Make it quick.
Then, for self-defence
I knocked Omar in the head.
Suddenly, a third guy jumped
out of the car
and started firing at us
like a lunatic.
Bullets were flying on both sides.
All of a sudden...
Police!
We had the cops on one side,
and a dead Kamraj on the other.
His foot was jammed on the accelerator.
The car moved forward
as we struggled to stay with it.
We struggled hard.
David tried but couldn't stop the car.
-Move!
-We had to get away
before the cops
could catch us with guns.
The bag was way too heavy.
We had to avoid the cops.
We had nowhere to run.
Thought we'd hide the bag
and come back for it in an hour.
We went back
but didn't find the suitcase.
So, what did you find?
Where's the rest of the suitcase?
Where were you?
I've been searching for you.
All my life.
Go away.
I'm not talking to you!
Bala, I'm asking you,
give it to me straight.
Give it to you straight?
How dare you, Chameleon Calyptratus
of Madagascar?
Hello?
You chameleon!
Changed colours so quickly?
I want answers.
About Jameel's murder.
Bala, I know it was your boys that
ambushed us and grabbed the 100 million.
Ambush?
And 100 million?
What fool trusted you
with so much cash?
And here's the deal, kid.
Even if I had your money,
I would never return it.
Do what you want.
Jameel's life is worth
much more than 100 million.
Congratulations! That went well.
Tell me something.
Why will Bala do this?
Let's say he did it.
Why would he own up?
Patil sahab, give me two days.
I have a strong suspicion on Bala.
I have a strong suspicion on you, too.
Morons! Can't get anything right.
Subhash, before Tripathi starts
frothing with rage
go deliver the file to his assistant.
File? You said it was a parcel.
The parcel had the file.
Now, scram!
Omar, can you give this parcel
to Tripathi-ji's assistant?
Or, I'll have to go all the way
just to drop it off.
Don...
-Don...
-What?
Where do I put this parcel?
Shove it in the bag.
The file went with the suitcase?
Do you even know what's in the file?
Subhash! What have you done?
Have you completely lost it?
I'll re-open all your cases.
Bring me that file!
Bring it back to me.
-I will find it and get it back...
-Get out of here. Out!
Get out.
Out!
Get out of here.
Rajan, now I want that suitcase,
no matter what!
You're like joy packed in a red bag.
What shall I call you?
Joy... Bagman.
Yes! Joy Bagman... my best friend.
Subhash, 25 years ago
we came here empty-handed
we'll go back the same way,
and be farmers.
Do you know what's in that file?
The paper trail of the land deals
we swindled for Tripathi-ji's trust.
The number of farmers we got rid of...
Elections are round the corner.
If that file comes into the public domain,
we're done for.
Sir, if I had the slightest idea...
You're a Minister's PA.
Not a rookie.
Couldn't you ask me?
It's Tripathi-ji!
Tell him.
Yes, sir. Namaste!
-Patil.
-Order, sir.
-The box of sweets never landed up.
-There was a bit of a mix up, sir.
But, don't worry.
You'll have them by end of day.
And the file?
Patil?
A couple of signatures are pending.
You'll have it by the end of the week.
Rest assured.
And sir, for the upcoming rally...
-Let's just have the file, pronto!
-Yes, sir.
Where's Kolte?
How are you, Mushtaq?
Aka Salim, aka Sandeep.
Hello, ma'am!
Won't you offer us some tea?
What did you think?
That you'd change identities
and I cannot hunt you down?
Thirsty, are you?
Well, have some.
Luckily, we found him here.
Sir, what are you doing?
This, is luck.
That, my friend, is one month
of hard work. Got it?
Now, wrap up the paper work.
Patil sahab, Victory to India!
Kolte, where are you?
Couldn't reach you.
Yes, I was a tad busy.
How are you, sir?
-What are you doing tonight?
-Patil sahab, I...
I was just being courteous.
I don't care.
-Come tonight.
-Yes, sir. Victory to India.
The CBI raided the offices
of Corporator Yadunath Sawle.
He was rumoured to be close to
a notorious gangster.
Hello.
You didn't tell me.
What?
What you should have told me?
I love you.
-Oh, that...
-Tell me now.
Last night at 2 am, a shoot-out
was reported at Pipe Road Junction.
-Hello?
-I love you... love you.
The police have begun investigations.
They are looking for evidence.
The CCTV footage
will reveal everything!
If they had it,
they'd have shown it, right?
Nandan, now let's say you've done this.
Me?
Just assume that you did.
If you were responsible.
If they blabber about the CCTV footage
on the news, won't you leave town?
Such things are never revealed
on the news.
They missed noting down
the license plate.
That would have been futile.
Routinely, they use stolen cars
in such cases.
I was told it was
a random shootout, sir.
That's perfect.
Let's just sell that.
That's the official version.
You just have to do
one unofficial thing.
Find me the suitcase.
Suitcase?
Why?
Sir, it's been over eight hours.
The suitcase must've left
the State by now.
It's tough, sir.
Almost impossible.
See that, Subhash.
That's what I call experience.
I like it!
Kolte is the final word
on such matters.
You should drop by sometimes.
All okay at home?
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
Tell me... how tough is it really?
Tougher than stopping your transfer
to Bhoomarbavdi?
Or tougher than shielding you
in the Majid Rana fake encounter case?
Fine, sir... no worries.
I'll find the suitcase.
Hey! Did you think
I was threatening you?
You thought that, didn't you?
It was just for comparison.
Subhash, this is my problem.
I speak and people misunderstand me.
I shouldn't say anything at all.
I should just be quiet.
No, sir. I'll find it.
Now when he is so determined,
who am I to stop him?
One more thing. There's a file,
with some personal, important documents.
My wife is emotionally attached to them.
Will you get that as well?
Yes, sir.
Here's the deal, Faizu.
We just have to find the suitcase.
Pipe Road was the scene
of the crime.
Let's start by cross-checking
Omar's story.
Dig out information, will you?
On it, sir.
Here.
-Thank you, sir.
-Keep your phone switched on.
It's on, sir.
Kolte sahab, the shootout
happened very late last night.
There were no casualties either.
What report will we file?
No, sir... an investigation is under way.
But sir, you know the system.
There's already such a massive backlog.
Alright, Kamble.
Let me know if you get a lead.
Absolutely sir, if we get the CCTV footage
I'll share it.
After all, we go way back.
Alright, sir. Bye!
You there! Come here.
-Yes, you.
-Me?
What's your name?
Shy, are we? Look up.
Nandan Kumar.
Nandan Kumar?
Is this your daily route?
Yes, sir.
What about last night?
I passed by at 1.05 am.
I'm a salaried person.
I work at a printing press.
Here's my ID card, sir.
There you go.
Fine... go.
But, sir... what happened here?
There was a shootout.
Shootout? You must have got
the footage on the CCTV?
If only the damn thing worked.
Oh, the damn thing doesn't work?
I mean... it should, shouldn't it.
How can CCTVs...
Kamble sir, this one's working.
The one by the traffic signal is broken.
No, no. This camera isn't working.
Neither is the other one.
What's the point having them?
What a shame!
None of the cameras are working?
While you guys are working all night.
Sometimes, I feel so terrible for you...
Hey... scram!
And... any leads yet?
Been at it, sir.
I'm doing the rounds with
my informants on the street.
In my opinion, it could be a small gang.
Let's just stick to facts, Faizu.
Absolutely, sir!
One thing is for sure.
Omar isn't lying.
His story is adding up.
He's put his boys on the job, too.
Okay. Meet me at Pipe road junction
right now.
Faizu? The name rings a bell.
Graduate, who does he work for?
Inspector Kolte.
How do you know?
They are right in front of me.
Ah, I see! Patil is panicking.
So he summoned his favourite errand boy.
Kolte doesn't work for anyone else.
A boon in disguise.
Kolte won't rest
till he finds the suitcase.
All you need to do is tail him.
Yes, boss.
You'll need to turn into a Remora.
Turn into what, sir?
When will you start your subscription?
I've already informed the cable guy.
They'll start Nat Geo by Monday.
Your Monday's been coming
for two years.
Listen!
Remora aka Sucker-fish.
Swims sticking to the shark's belly.
The shark does the hard hunting.
The Remora eats for free.
Stick to Kolte like a Remora.
He'll find the suitcase for us.
Remora.
Yes.
What did he say?
Become a Remora.
What?
Remora!
Give me the suitcase!
What suitcase?
I can't make head or tail of it.
I've left no stone unturned, sir.
My boys are combing every
square inch of the streets.
Have I ever failed you?
-I was born in this neighborhood...
-Faizu!
I don't have time for stories.
I need information. Now!
I think there's a new player in town.
I want to see the Super Manav movie!
Aayush, aren't we going
to the beach after this.
-You can play to your heart's content.
-What's going on?
I want to see Super Manav.
-Unnecessary expenses.
-I want to see it now!
I'll never ask for anything
for the rest of my life!
-Aayush!
-Alright. Let's all watch Super Manav.
What is the big fuss?
Let him have a good time, too.
You're spending a lot these days?
Don't worry about the money.
I have a friend... Joy Bagman.
He's got connections here.
In fact, we'll get free tickets.
Absolutely free.
-Free?
-Yeah, yeah, free.
Everything's free.
Come on. Don't worry.
Free popcorn? Bring it on!
Yes, yes, why not?
It's true, I was born on Planet Nexon.
But ever since I landed here,
Earth has nurtured me like a mother.
And by this Motherland, I solemnly swear
should the forces of evil ever come near
have no fear,
cause you can count on
Super Manav!
Kill him like a mangy dog.
Hey...
What?
Are you seriously into this kiddy film?
Go away!
After this let's go straight for Chinese?
Why not?
We'll roam some more,
and go home later.
Why later?
I've asked Balu to clean the house.
That goof ball will get done in no time.
So why go home late?
He'll clean Ramlal-ji's house first.
Then ours. It'll take him a while.
Oh, Ramlal-ji's house.
What?
Who gave him the keys?
I did. This morning.
The keys? Why?
Why bother cleaning Ramlal-ji's house?
Why bother?
He's our neighbor.
What the hell!
Never offered him a cup of tea.
Suddenly, he's our neighbor?
Hello?
What? Accident!
I'm coming!
I have to go.
My friend has met with an accident.
-Who?
-Him.
-The same fellow.
-What?
-Let me explain.
My friend's been in an accident.
It's an emergency.
The doctor said that he needs
RH negative blood.
Now RH negative is rare.
But we have to stay positive, isn't it?
'Cause you have to be positive
for negative blood.
And for positive blood,
you have to be positive, too.
If not, negativity will creep in
and he'll die.
Fine. Go. But, come back quickly.
Okay.
Who is the friend?
I haven't thought that through.
Super Manav, please let me go!
No, no... argh!
Balu!
What are you doing?
Sorry, sir. You scared me.
I spilled water all over.
Never mind. I'll manage Ramlal's house.
Please clean my house first.
That's very kind of you.
But this is my job.
You clean my house quickly.
Lata will arrive any minute.
Today's our anniversary.
So, please hurry up.
Anniv... what?
Our wedding's birthday!
Happy birthday!
Thanks. Now hurry.
Good boy.
Thank you.
Joy Bagman.
Joy Bagman, what do I do with you?
Took a bullet from the wife
trying to save you.
You're happily unmarried,
you won't understand.
Say something... thank you...
sorry... anything.
Never mind.
I'll take your silence for an apology.
But Joy, this won't do.
We've got to do something.
You're so fat you are visible
from the moon.
First of all, let's shed some weight,
shall we?
What do you say?
Let's hide one part
behind the refrigerator.
No! Lata might easily spot it.
How about we place you up high?
Lata has back trouble.
One part in old clothes,
one in the kitchen.
One part in the trunk that opens
only during Diwali.
Behind God's photograph.
In God we trust.
Leave it to Him!
Focus, Mr Bagman.
It's not the time to eat Chinese.
It's time to scale the Great Wall.
Some behind father, grandmother.
There's no success without
the blessings of the elders.
One in the water tank.
We'll deal with the rest
before Ramlal returns.
Great... now you're feeling lighter
and so am I.
Cheers!
Victory to India, Patil sahab!
Kolte! What news of the suitcase?
Sir... I'm on it.
Are you eating?
Should I call later?
No, no, sir. We can speak.
What is left to speak?
I've lost my appetite.
Can a man worried
about the suitcase feel hungry?
Kolte? What happened?
I definitely didn't mean
that you're eating
because you aren't worried
about the suitcase.
Please eat.
Sorry, I disturbed you. Okay.
Pass the carrot cake here too.
-Faizu.
-Yes, sir.
-Listen.
The CCTV at Pipe Road
isn't working.
Neither is this inquiry a priority
for the department.
Let's do one thing.
List out all the shops
in that locality with CCTV cameras.
I'll get the footage
from the shopkeepers.
Okay, sir.
Okay.
-Nandan.
-Yes, sir!
What happened?
-You lucky son of a gun.
-Why, sir?
You've been nominated
for 'Kirodimal Employee of the Year'.
If you win, you take home 7000 rupees.
How much?
-7000.
-7000!
And one hell of a shiny trophy.
-Fantastic. Keep it up.
-Thank you, sir.
Hello?
What's for dinner?
I haven't decided.
I'm fine with leftovers from lunch.
You can warm it up
in your new oven.
What?
-An oven for the lady.
-What's this?
Warms the food and cools the mind.
Oven? Is it ours?
Who else's?
Such a big one.
Wow!
Where did you get the money?
Oh, I have a friend.
He's got connections
at the electronic store.
Which friend? Joy?
Yes. Joy Bagman.
60 percent off with easy installments.
I was thinking of getting
an air conditioner, too.
Is he a new friend?
I've been hearing a lot
about him of late.
Call him over for dinner sometime.
He's a childhood friend.
Sure, we'll invite him for dinner.
Not just dinner, I was thinking...
Aayush is here.
Aayush, come here.
Look what I've got for you.
Yay! A Super Manav bag.
Wait a second.
Where's the water bottle, snack box
and other goodies that come with it?
Aayush, be happy with what dad got you.
What does grandpa say?
Hold on... I'll handle him.
Won't you get me a cup of tea?
Please.
Come here.
So, you want the rest of the set too?
Give me some time.
Papa will get you everything.
First, we'll get a big new TV,
an AC, a car.
We'll go to Shimla and have a blast.
Happy?
Where do I begin, I'm speechless.
All I can say is...
Thank you.
Everyone, please sit down.
This award is not just an award.
Then what is it?
It is a victory of hard work
and honesty.
Aren't you getting your award today?
Award? What award?
Best employee.
Let me get it first.
Don't jinx it.
Papa's going to win an award!
-Aayush!
-Boys!
-Papa's going to win!
-Now I had better win it.
You will win for sure.
Considering all the night duty you do?
And if you win 7000 rupees.
Then...
Then?
Then bring it home.
Don't give it to sister Binu!
What's your problem
with sister Binu?
Did she steal your dad's kidney?
Papa, there's also a party in the building
tonight... let's bring the roof down!
-What party?
-It's Mukesh's birthday!
Oh? That's tonight?
Sweet!
Come, let's check your homework.
What happened?
Nothing... just a blockage.
It's cleared now.
I'll see who it is.
Keys, please.
Nandan-ji, my house keys.
Keys? I wasn't expecting you
till next week. How come you're early?
Wrapped up my work early,
so I came back.
Work, work, work.
Work is temporary, family is forever.
Shouldn't you have spent
more time with them?
-Instead, here you are.
-Keys to my house, please.
Keys to... keys to... to... two keys
You should've had two keys
The original one's lost.
Nonsense! It was in your pocket last night.
Namaste. We've cleaned your house.
True! I did have it last night.
I lost it in the morning.
In the morning, it fell in the toilet!
It fell in the toilet. Sorry.
In the toilet?
Ramlal-ji, what's done is done.
We'll have to make another.
Please catch the key-maker
before he leaves for lunch.
What were you doing with my keys
in the toilet?
I haven't thought that through.
Ramlal-ji, I found your key!
I put my hand in the toilet
and fished it out. Here...
No, thank you. Now that he's here
I'll get a duplicate made. Keep it.
-Are you sure?
-Absolutely.
Fine.
Why?
O why?
Why, O why?
Why?
Why have the nights turned foe?
O night, why this hostility?
What is it?
Do I look like the mailman?
I forgot my purse. Open up.
-Why haven't you showered?
-I will, I will...
-Have you seen my purse?
-It must be in this room.
Where is it?
Here it is.
Whose money is this?
Lata, I was about to tell you.
I...
150 rupees.
How careless of you!
I was looking for it.
Thanks.
And what is this wet towel doing here?
You're looking hot like chicken chilly.
Stop it!
O hostile night.
Fantastic!
Indeed, when love departs,
even the nights turn hostile
Moving on to our next employee's talent.
Bravo!
O walnut, why are thee so tough?
Does your resilient exterior
protect a fragile ego?
Is it a reflection of society's brutality?
Shake society up, O walnut...
I now request our chief guest
Mr. Vasanth Goenka to come on stage
and award the 'Kirodimal Employee
of the Year' trophy to the winner.
The employee of the year is...
I was trying to call you
but there's no network.
Give it.
Congratulations.
I was waiting for you
but you never came.
Nandan, congrats!
What... no party?
Mukesh isn't here either.
Mukesh?
No, Nandan-ji. He's coming.
The party's also on.
Minus the alcohol.
-Mocktail.
-What?
Hello... today is a holy day,
Lots of us are fasting.
So no alcohol, and no meat.
It's gotta be a holy party!
That's right.
All thanks to your wife.
Mukesh!
Wow, Mukesh!
2,000 rupee notes?
Mukesh, tell me...
isn't it your birthday?
Who were we singing about?
Huh?
Pa-Pa Praveen Tripathi?
Sir, look... the CCTV footage
from Vidya Jewelers.
Who is that?
Which gang is he from?
Replay it.
Didn't I tell you,
there's a new player in town.
What's he holding?
A bag, an umbrella and a tiffin box.
Looks like the average Joe!
Don't have a clear view
of the rickshaw driver either.
They could even be partners.
Look, can you see
the license plate?
If we can nab this driver
we'll nail him, too.
8-0-8-0. No... 1-9-8-0.
Zoom in.
Nine... eight...
It's too hazy.
Look, it could be any of these numbers.
Let's narrow it down
to rickshaw license plates.
-Line up the drivers.
-Got it.
Now we are talking!
Fancy a drink?
No, sir.
How can I drink with you?
We are ranks apart.
I wouldn't dare.
You're a cop...
I'm just an informer.
-Yes or no?
-Yes, of course!
Get the vodka bottle
from behind the shelf.
I drink every night, sir.
Joy Bagman, there's just one problem.
Money, money everywhere
but not a penny can I spend!
I have to lie
to buy gifts for Aayush and Lata.
If they learn about you,
we'll both get kicked out.
Gods are her relatives.
A priest's daughter, after all.
She hates black money!
Me? I don't discriminate.
And I bet, this money doesn't
belong to a poor man.
So how is it a sin?
Joy, we need to think big.
Alright, let's make this quick.
I don't have all day. I'm on duty.
14th? That was my birthday!
So?
So I was home, sir.
I didn't do anything, sir.
That night I was in Chandivali,
no... Kandivali.
It's true, I used be a chain snatcher, sir.
But, now I'm clean.
I've turned over a new leaf.
I swear on God!
And these are God given gifts?
You asked to see me, sir?
Yes.
Where were you?
Sir, I'd gone to my village.
Does it take so long to return?
Where's your village?
Bhoomarbawdi. It's very far, sir.
-Name?
-Keshav Prajapati.
14th night, at 2 am
where were you, Prajapati?
2 am...
Let me jog your memory.
You were on Pipe Road helping
your partner-in-crime move stolen money.
-Robbery?
-Sit. Look carefully.
Isn't this your rickshaw?
Yes, sir.
And?
I remember...
The guy seemed fishy.
I saw the suitcase and asked
if there was a body in it.
-What?
-It felt that heavy, sir.
Welcome to Kamania Residency.
India's number one real estate company.
-Hello, madam. I...
-For English, press one.
For Hindi, press two.
For Marathi, press three.
Sorry all our customer executives
are busy at the moment.
Please call after...
Welcome to Chaddha Galaxy.
Hello...
-Hello.
Hello! Can I schedule a visit
to see the property on Sunday?
Sure, sir. But, please could you share
your contact details first.
-Yes, of course.
-Go ahead.
One vegetable biryani, two portions rice,
one buttermilk and one poppadum.
-Hello!
-For dessert, 200 grams of your best.
-Sir!
-Please hurry, I'm starving.
Sir, I dropped him here.
From here he must have gone
somewhere close by.
Where does this road go?
This one leads to the main road.
And there's a fish market to the left.
Do you remember his face?
Yes, kind of.
We should get a sketch done quickly.
Sir, my drawing sucks.
Are you high?
Why will you draw?
There are artists that do this.
Now buzz off.
Come see me tomorrow.
Fool!
Faizu, check the neighbourhood.
Start with the shops.
Look for CCTV cameras.
So, Mr. Nandan Kumar,
you own a printing press?
Printing press in Bhandup West .
Ah, Budapest!
Just outstanding, sir.
That's a perfect match.
Allow me to explain, sir.
When you invest in a property here,
you don't get a flat.
Sir, it's an experience you're buying into.
Podium level parking
for your Mercedes or BM...
W?
You look like the Beamer type.
Creme-de-la-creme neighbours...
who are business tycoons like you.
Executive lounge where you can crack
the deal for your next printing press.
Gymnasium, swimming pool with a jacuzzi
to rejuvenate you.
Cards room, billiards room and
a mini golf course, which is a must, sir!
-Of course.
-Isn't it?
Should we go and see
a sample flat then, sir?
-Yes.
-After you.
Shall we discuss commercials, sir?
Commercials?
-Payment terms?
-Yes, payment!
Sir, we have a 20-80 scheme.
20 percent upfront and rest 80, loan...
which I don't think you will need.
So, the 20 percent can be paid
to us directly via...
Cash!
Which you won't accept.
And the rest of the 80 percent...
you won't accept in cash either.
Right, sir.
Then what am I doing here?
Where's the way out?
Prince Bagman...
what good is it having you?
Can't buy laxative worth 40 bucks
nor a luxury apartment worth 40 million.
And even if I did buy the apartment,
what was I going to tell Lata?
I am the one that's going crazy.
While you sit here and gloat.
What are you doing?
Turning brass into gold?
Sir, 100 percent sure.
He looks nothing like this.
Sir, I drew it exactly as he told me.
Sir, I think his drawing sucks too.
You think this is funny?
No, sir.
I remembered something.
I remember.
I remember it all now.
Sir, as he took out
the money to pay me,
he dropped a bank card.
Did you read the name on it?
I don't remember the name.
But there was... Bank India
or India Bank... written.
It had the word 'India' on it.
Okay, now beat it.
Stop!
Don't leave town.
Sir, I'm an auto rickshaw driver.
Legally, I cannot go beyond city limits.
Sir, there are no CCTV cameras
on that lane.
We'll have to check all the banks within
a 4 km radius of Azad Nagar
that has 'India' in its name.
Have you or your staff noticed
any strange behaviour in any customer?
A recurrent cash deposit
of 10-20 grand?
Especially large bills
with the same serial number.
Or a request for extra lockers?
Or any customer
behaving suspiciously?
Please try and recall.
Bank? Why now?
Don't you know
it's the annual day at school?
-I know. But, Mr. Vasant can't be trusted.
-What?
What if the award cheque bounces?
-Right, please.
-Don't worry.
I'll wrap up the bank work
and come fast.
The show starts in half hour. Hurry.
Chill, I'll make it in time.
Ridiculous!
Mr. Dhumal isn't in today?
Is he on leave?
Where can one get a machine like this?
Why?
There are two sacks full of cash at home,
I can't count it all.
Two sacks full.
Look at me!
Wait here.
I'll be back.
Mr. Vashisht, are you aware
we're throwing a surprise party
for Damle's birthday?
Of course! The plan is to wait
till he gets to his seat.
Sharma and I will sneak in from there
with the cake.
Don't point.
Damle will see us.
I've sent a reminder to everybody
on our Whatsapp group.
Mr Damle, we're gonna smash cake
all over your face today.
Sir, please wait!
Tiwari, stop him.
Sir!
Sir, please wait!
Come back.
I'll be back.
What happened?
Absolutely nothing.
You simply passed out, Nandan-ji.
You were almost in an accident.
Here...
I was trying to get your attention.
You forgot to take your deposit slip.
Slip?
Slip!
Thank you.
Take it easy.
Lata... look, I really tried to make it.
At least, tell me how the function was.
Yes, I remember.
There was a man like this.
Seemed suspicious.
Can you describe him for me?
Any distinct features?
Sir, he had...
a mustache.
Mustache?
Mustache!
A mustache!
How do you manage
to remember such fine details?
Sir, there's a book...
Observation by Association
by K.Y Vashisht. My father!
There are many such techniques
prescribed in it.
One more thing,
my mother used to feed me
almonds rich in Omega 3, 6, 9
throughout my childhood.
As a result my memory has improved
by approximately 27 percent.
But just between you and I...
When it comes to almonds,
always go for the Mamra variety.
The rest of them are just...
Shut up!
Do you think a mustache
will help me find the guy?
Rubbish!
Giving me useless information...
association-disassociation,
nuts-guts, 3-9-6...
Omega 3, 6, 9, sir.
Shut up, fool!
Just a minute... he's right, sir.
I know this guy as well.
He was a bit weird, sir.
First he inquired about a counting machine.
Then all of a sudden,
he looked possessed
and ran out of the bank.
He even met with an accident.
Didn't he?
Counting machine?
Yes.
Can you describe him for me?
Even better, I can give you
his name and address.
He banks with us.
But what's this all about, sir?
Stop.
-How much?
-40.
Got change for 100?
No? Then give me a 50.
If rickshaw drivers
don't have change then who will?
You should've asked me.
But no, I don't have change either.
I have plenty of 2000 bills though!
What's this?
I should be asking you.
Isn't this what you were hiding from me?
Why did you climb up?
The doctor forbid you.
I wanted to get things down.
I called Balu to help...
that's when I found it.
Balu?
Balu saw it, too?
I saw it.
What about that?
Aayush... where's he?
I've sent him to sister Binu's home.
Should he see this?
Lata, I was about to tell you
about the suitcase...
When? How long has it been
in my home?
Why is it here?
Where has it come from?
I found it on the road.
On the road?
You don't know whose it is?
-Have you stolen it?
-Listen...
Have you kidnapped someone?
What's the need...
Shut up!
What's the need?
Every single day, you remind me
how much money we need.
Oven, AC... 80,000
for a pickle business...
"I haven't gone to Shimla
in 10 years."
Want to go to Shimla?
I'll have a ticket in 10 minutes.
I'm glad you found out
the truth about Joy Bagman.
At least, I don't have to hide it
from you anymore.
Lata, just imagine...
an end to all our problems.
God is watching.
He's also seeing our situation.
And this is not
some poor man's money.
Rich people hide their money this way.
It is black money.
I don't want it.
I wasn't raised this way.
As if I was raised by bandits.
Lata, you've seen how hard I slog.
We still make peanuts.
Politicians, businessmen...
this is how they become rich.
You know this.
That's their destiny.
Then this is ours.
Fine.
If my nagging led to all this,
then accept my apologies!
Please return it.
I knew you'd react this way.
That's why I didn't tell you.
Return it?
To whom? Where?
I don't know whose it is.
I found it on the street.
And before taking it,
I even asked...
"For the last time...
whose bag is it?"
No one answered.
Who do I return it to?
The police.
Police?
God!
Do you really think,
I should lug this bag full of cash
and go to the police?
Yes and no.
Who are you?
Me? I am a cop... and not one.
Namaste, madam.
Won't you offer me a cup of tea?
Nandan Kumar!
You've got yourself in a real pickle.
You took the suitcase
from Pipe Road on the 14th, right?
Which suitcase? Who are you?
Which suitcase?
The one you were telling
your wife about.
-Why didn't you report it to the cops?
-Sir, I'd try calling every day.
The lines were busy so I thought...
-Please don't hit him, sir.
-Quiet! Sit there.
Sit. Just sit.
-I'll sit...
-Sit... sit...
Tell me, where's the suitcase?
Which gang do you belong to?
Gang? I don't belong to any gang.
I swear.
Fine, let's try the hard way.
Don't, sir... I'll bring it.
The suitcase is inside. I'll get it.
Sir, she's getting it.
Sir, here.
Get back.
Where's the rest of the money?
-Blew it?
-Sir, just a second.
Sir, 84,434 rupees.
Please...
Where's the rest?
The rest?
There's more?
I'll give it to you.
Please give me 10 minutes.
I'll get the rest. Please sit.
Have some tea.
Lata, please give him some tea.
We're out of sugar.
Over? Fine.
Don't move.
Stay right there.
Sir...
Sir... sir!
Sir, there's only this much at home.
Meaning?
Idiot, you think this is an Uber?
Sit upfront.
Bala boss, did you see that?
Yes. Follow him.
I'm sending some more boys.
No, boss. There's no time.
We'll steal the suitcase.
What?
At some point, hyena cubs must learn
to steal a meal from a lion's mouth.
This they do in the deadly Savannah.
Luckily for us, this is only Ghatkopar.
Rajan, what did you just say?
Last night, we saw the first episode...
on 'The Amazing African Hyena'.
We've subscribed
to National Geographic, boss.
Rajan, Graduate...
you boys have grown up!
Go forth, my boys...
bring the suitcase home.
Sir, please stop here.
This is the back entrance to the office.
I'll get the money.
And listen, fool!
No monkey business.
I know where you live.
I know, sir. I'll be right back.
Are you buying groceries?
Take this bag.
And leave this here.
Nandan?
What are you doing here?
Are you on the night shift?
No, sir...
I damaged the dampener.
So I came to check on it.
Come. Sit.
-Come, drink with me today.
-No, sir... not today.
Even you won't drink with me?
Not even one drink?
Sir, it's just that...
I'm in a hurry to get home.
I'm asking nicely.
-Sir, I can't today.
-Sit...
-Sir, it's late
-Sit!
Sit.
It's a request.
Here...
Nandan, my father, Kirodimal...
I started the employee of the year award
in his memory.
Do you know why?
I respected him a lot...
I still do.
But he never understood my feelings.
Graduate?
Yes boss, he even took a photograph.
Didn't I tell you...
I was sending more men there.
If Kolte tells Patil
that we're involved...
do you know what will happen to us?
Rajan, we won't spare Kolte.
Yes, boss.
When I was a young boy,
we were flying kites
and I wrote my father's name,
on the kite... "Ki-ro-di-mal"
Why?
I wanted my father's name
to soar the skies.
Up there!
Everyone shouted...
"Look, Kirodimal rules the skies!"
That, father didn't see.
Later, someone cut my string
and the kite tailspinned down
straight into the gutter.
Everyone shouted,
"Kirodimal is down in the gutter!"
That, father saw.
He blew his top.
Was it my fault?
Did I do it on purpose?
I wanted his name...
to soar...
Hello.
Playing games with the police?
You sent men after me?
What are you talking about?
I'm stuck in the Press.
Are you bringing the money
or printing it?
What can I say, sir?
My drunk boss has passed out
on my shoulder.
He's crying about his father...
Listen, change of plans.
But, don't leave
unless I tell you. Got it?
Yes, sir.
Nandan, don't blame yourself
for the dampener.
Yes, Patil sahab.
Kolte, when am I hearing
the good news?
I've got a solid lead.
A few days, and the suitcase will be
in our hands.
Whose hands?
Obviously yours, sir.
Why?
Just checking.
I thought, by now
you would have the suitcase.
If I did, wouldn't it be with you already?
True that.
Fine, goodnight.
Kolte says he hasn't
found the suitcase.
I think Kolte was never planning on
telling me about the suitcase.
And I foolishly did.
What?
Sir, as I was saying before,
my fight was with Omar.
The moment I got to know
that the suitcase was yours,
I came to apologise.
Okay, sir... I'll take your leave.
But Kolte didn't do the right thing.
Nor did you.
Kolte has the suitcase because of you.
So, who should bring it back?
Me?
Good suggestion.
Perfect.
Get me the suitcase
and that Shantaram Mill murder case...
I won't let them re-open it.
What happened?
I hope you don't feel that
I'm manipulating you.
Please don't!
This is the start
of a long friendship.
Look, your new friend is here, too.
-Sir, what's he doing here?
-I could ask you the same.
-Let's settle this right now!
-Why not?
It's time for both of you
to join forces.
Shake on it!
When will you guys grow up?
Fine.
If you're done with your soap opera,
listen to me carefully.
Do whatever it takes.
Kill Kolte, if you have to.
But, get me that suitcase.
Nail this matter,
and consider all your cases shut.
Now, get out.
Yes, boss?
Rajan, listen carefully.
-Yes, boss?
-You have to do something urgently.
-Listen...
-Yes, sir.
First, get hold of the suitcase,
and more importantly, the file!
Okay, Patil sahab.
No mistakes this time.
Sir, may I ask you a question?
Do you think the file
is still in the suitcase?
Do I think?
I know, it is.
I realised when Kolte flipped.
Both the suitcase and file
are with him.
Anyway, we have to take
a chance, Subhash.
And if you had asked questions
before giving the file to Omar,
we wouldn't be in this soup.
Go. Get me some tea.
Patil, you slime-bag!
I'll pull your strings now.
Let's see who goes to Boomarbawdi now.
You're my life, my love
O, I love you daddy!
-Hello.
-Nandan, are you okay?
Did you return the money?
Did the cop go?
Come home, Nandan.
I'm really scared.
Shut up!
You shut up!
Please listen to me, Nandan...
That wasn't for you, sir!
He's your father.
Keep singing.
-Lata, I'm fine.
-Why are you shouting at me?
Don't ask me the details.
I'll call later. Hang up now.
You're my life, my love
O, I love you Daddy!
Faizu...
Kolte sir, where are you?
-Home.
-At home?
I have some information.
The Crime Branch is going to raid
your home.
Raid? Go on.
Confirmed news, sir.
They're targeting cops.
The raid could take place tonight.
Gopal, the CBI informer
got drunk and spilled it.
Thought you should know.
Fine. I'll figure something out.
Listen, there's been an incident.
I need some information.
I'm sending you a photograph.
Find out who it is.
Okay, sir.
There will be a photo
of Kolte like this too.
And we'll use it for his funeral!
Now the Serpentes
will come out of its hole.
-I'm outside. Are you here?
-Listen, fool...
I'm sending you an address.
Meet me there quickly
with the money. Got it?
How's that possible, sir?
How do you expect me to travel
with so much money?
Just like that night, when you got home
with even more money.
Got it?
Fine.
Rickshaw!
Let's take Kolte out at the next signal.
Don't waste any time.
Hello, brother.
Yes, I've just reached Mumbai.
Yes, just a bag full of clothes.
Of course, there's no money...
I'm going to sister Binu's.
Bala, what should we do?
Let's wait.
-I'll see you later.
-Right, sir.
Do I need to ask you
where Kolte's gone?
Have you entered the gate?
Yes, sir.
See the black door
with police tape across it?
Enter without tampering it.
Sir, where are you?
Keep walking.
Fine. Get out.
Sir, can I have my bag?
Which bag?
The cloth bag.
Lata will whine about it.
I gave you your bag.
Please return mine.
-The grocery bag?
-Yes.
It must be by the door.
Take it and leave.
Okay.
What are you doing, sir?
What are you dogs doing together?
What are you doing
with the suitcase, rascal?
What suitcase?
There is no use lying.
We have a photo.
Even if I do have the suitcase
do you think I'd bring it here?
You take me for a fool?
And I know it's not
just the suitcase you want.
Patil is using us all.
If you kill me,
you won't get anything.
I have a much better plan.
One that will benefit us all.
What do you say?
Okay. Let's put our guns aside and talk.
You're right, Kolte.
We'll all benefit if we help each other.
Like the plover bird and crocodile.
Who?
Plover bird...
the one that cleans
the crocodile's teeth.
Thank you, Rajan.
In the jungle all animals help each other.
The plover bird gets its food
and the crocodile's teeth are...
You do know what a crocodile is, right?
Of course, so?
So its teeth get cleaned.
Why are we discussing
crocodile dental hygiene?
Sir, may I?
Sir, it's a metaphor.
The plover bird pecks
at the crocodile's teeth.
The croc gets clean teeth,
the plover bird gets food.
Thus they exist
in a symbiotic relationship.
Repeat the last line.
Thus they exist
in a symbiotic relationship.
Fantastic. Well said.
Thank you.
But, who the heck are you?
Sir, I...
-Is he your friend?
-Not at all!
We're in this situation because of him.
He stole the bag.
Bala, he's right.
They left from his house earlier.
Just a minute!
Sir, Kolte is hiding something
that only I know of.
He's playing you guys.
-Have you gone nuts? Ignore him.
-Just a minute.
Talk.
I'll tell you, sir.
I'm just a common man
and what good am I here?
My work and identity are both common.
My name's not common,
it's Nandan.
But what kind of name is that?
It's so ordinary.
And if your name is ordinary,
your career is ordinary too.
And if your name and career are ordinary
then you are worthless.
And worthless people are easily
taken advantage of.
And then they say, "Use and discard."
But what does Kolte
have to do with this?
I haven't thought that through.
Rajan, go get him.
Kolte sir, I'm here!
Who's man are you?
Omar or Bala's?
I'm Lata's man!
Abdul!
Give me the magazine.
The magazine.
Nandan, where are you?
Are you alright?
I'm fine, Lata. How's Aayush?
Come back home quickly.
I'm coming, Lata.
I just want to sleep in peace.
I'm tired of running after this money.
It's pointless.
I've seen it reduced to ashes
in front of my eyes.
You were right, Lata.
It's a curse.
We'll go back to our old lives, Lata.
Aayush, you and I.
We'll go to the beach.
Eat Chinese. Simple things.
Money became my obsession.
But, if there's no life,
what good is an obsession?
Nandan, are you there?
Nandan?
I'll call later.
Later?
For the last time... whose bag
and mango boxes are these?
It's a very safe place, sir.
It's our village.
Don't worry.
Hello.
Sir, you are Patil sahab, right?
See I told you... he's Patil sahab.